feat: allocateLoadBalancerNodePorts option (#280)
Azure/api-management-self-hosted-gateway: helm-charts/azure-api-management-gateway/README.md

| `service.type` | Type of Kubernetes service to use to expose to serve traffic | `ClusterIP` |
| `service.annotations` | Annotations to add to the Kubernetes service | `{}` |
| `service.loadBalancer.ip` | Attach a pre-existing static IP to a `LoadBalancer` type service. Learn more in the [Kubernetes docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#loadbalancer). | |

> | `service.allocateLoadBalancerNodePorts` | Defines if NodePorts will be automatically allocated for services with type LoadBalancer | `true` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `service.loadBalancer.allocateNodePorts` | Defines if node ports will be automatically allocated for services with type `LoadBalancer` | `true` |
```
